hello I'm James Smith welcome to fight
now TV at the joint at the hard rock
hotel and casino in Las Vegas where
earlier tonight Lucas matisse a proved
it well he proved why he is my top ten
fighter in all the world certainly one
of the best 140 pounders in the world he
made very short work of Mike Dallas
knocking him out in round number one
with a beautiful right-hand shot after
the fight we caught up with Matisse say
well there's a reason why he's my in my
top 10 pound for pound first off
congratulations on a fantastic
performance hey es un placer tenerte a
mi lista de los Diez mejoras pelea
Dora's y este quiero que me digas que
paso no esta noche y bueno muchas grassy
yoel abre una pelea y corre tita pero
bueno Gaborik a pc give a drama pero
pero por suerte y si muy buen trabajo e
we motored winner and thank you for the
compliment you know it's always nice to
hear those things he was very short
night you know he was expecting a little
little longer more rounds but you know
it was a short night I tell him his
opponent sat down before I did he say
que supone que yo auntie the dale is CC
the Giga show be anyone at all in
content you know I you got the right
shot and then he went down we are very
happy speaking of right it was the right
hand tonight you did an excellent job of
working the right hand to the body that
I thought set up that right hand that
finished Dallas off a chance to say son
bien tu de leche para para colocar o y
meter el gancho Lola Drake otra vez Asif
where Plan C cita viendo que que me
tirado tiara sirena SI que podemos pasar
la primera y conectar la leche de puede
mandar una combinación pero salio
occasion I was looking he was throwing
to left and then he went on un de gente
so i trow my rahin algona iCarly I so
when he went on like a flying I label
you not a boxer-puncher but a puncher
boxer really you should be unbeaten with
nearly all knockouts at this point at 30
years of age what can you do to improve
if anything the concealer
mentum box nokia door boxeador pero la
una vez me damn poco de tristeza lo que
a pasado con Tuesday rotas que no fueron
de rotas es una dama Don poco de pinna
lo que pasó tienes train Tejanos y más
Grande's oportunidades y lo que quieres
no sea seguro lazo Dorota que tu aguenta
esta su Alexander may mido morado mucho
el pero bueno que todo para dar pehle SE
giemo peliando y ahora SI que la pelea
con lo mejor egg on Danny Garcia con lo
mejor es into warrant yes the 2d feed
you know put me down you know I was sad
i was i was blue because I you know I so
I one day 50 soda fans Mosab Jamie died
so I one day for ice bar now you know I
can convince de público convince the
media there I can i confide Danny Garcia
or whoever is in the best one for ease
here's my here's my menu for you I think
it should be Garcia and then Rios and
then Broner with over the next like
let's say 18 months and millions and
millions of dollars out of that sound
and me no tengo tres and Garcia oh yeah
mente uh I'm Brandon Rios yah I stay
piranhas y donde tienes que se mucho
dinero es lo que si no te gusta SI me lo
cierren menu is very special menu that's
what I like it and finally Argentina so
many great fighters are coming out of
there now Sergio Martinez is in my top
10 year in my top 10 think back to mons
own how important is it for you to go
down is one of the great Argentinian
champions I wonder cantina and grandes
campione scar old man's own tengo
maravilla Martinez la una lista contigo
que significa tener sus grandes period
horas y ahora eres tu la imagined
Argentina's sea muy contento que que
bueno te represent ando argentina y
bueno sera no de lo de lo que estan
Arriba represent ando el pais y para mi
uno russo brandy bueno y que seguir
peleando para para para hacer más que
mysterious a horse I'm very proud to be
an Argentinian fighter and also very
problem i am I collisions when my do the
fighters para you know I want to be the
best nas Yost would I want to be debes
de peso burgeon Tina impudent Ananda top
of boxing when we we see you back a know
when auntie baramos de regreso
cuando me jamming like I want that
whenever they call me I'd be ready we
want to stay here in the United States
well congratulations on a scintillating
one round tonight of action and again
you certainly are proving that you
deserve to be in everybody's pound for
pound less not just mine felicitaciones
la verdad lo pro vastus me men cenastes
kasemir estan los mejores libre por
libre del mundo y muchas grassy when un
saludo arrogant a la vida que me know
pasar y ojala que ya no puede venir a
pelican Danny Garcia thank you and thank
you for all the Las Vegas fans you know
when I hope to fire on a garcia de vivre
Argentina